good morning Austria we have 42 hours of
a bus drive behind us and four minutes
of an exciting Trek right in front of us
we have will London so why should we hit
it right then look at the view but
that's it for looking at the view
because now I need to focus and there we
go
are you ready okay so I should actually
shut up a little bit up here because the
trek is full of cow and I don't
want my friends to think that I'm not
brushing my teeth first crash almost in
the first turn because this dirt here is
rock hard and bone dry
keeping it low on those first chumps
into the next off-camber blind chump
coming up very important to know where
you're going and now first artificial
record split out in there all right
remember where this is going oh no wrong
line choice now going way too fast into
this rock garden another crazy of camber
section but that one's actually quite
well better than I thought it would
gonna take that outside here because
there's so much loose gravel on the
inside okay and another pretty bad off
camber section and now we're going into
the old school track here in the woods
it's gotta be some more roots they edit
this this chicane here to take some
speed out and now I just have to let it
flow a bit and save some energy because
we have some pretty crazy stuff coming
up okay good thing this route starts
right because now I need to get all the
speed that I can not allowed to touch my
brakes anymore because in church Wow
all right once again Church
way too far you know
the riders will have to keep this jump
slow but I can actually just let it fly
you have to be right quite precise on
this so that you can keep your momentum
going into another gnarly rock garden
here and very important that your
suspension is set up right and then
going into this wall right here lots of
g-forces one here at the world
championships I took off my tires from
the rim another blind jump the thing I
watched I guess and now a new really
tricky route section off camber took the
men's line and made it what's good I'm
good better catch Claudia so let me try
the trickiest line here
see if I can deal with it no I couldn't
that was completely wrong sorry about
that okay we gotta let it go
pin it another rut guys I'm coming up
drop and I'll try to take the straight
line through the rocks yes that works
and I've got to be very precise on this
berm so I can keep the speed for this
zip up all right to the break bumps and
the roughest bit coming up right here
all right think I have something left in
my tank clear this jump here and then
into the finish pit don't touch the
brakes finished up coming up all right
wow that was a pretty crazy right I
survived Oh I need some air where's
wheel them
oh you're crashed about the transfer the
birds here they came around the booth so
you go left I just took off and I'm in
the wrong direction so I cased the side
of the London Oh end over end it at home
well that's good for some footage